# GPT-4 Brushes

GPT-4 Brushes is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows you to apply custom "brushes" to selected code in the editor using OpenAI's GPT-4 Completion API. It provides a set of predefined "brushes", but the main feature is the ability to define custom brushes for your use cases. The extension works similarly to the brushes in the Copilot Lab Extension, but with some important differences to improve usability (see features below).

## Features

- Define your own brushes in the settings file
- Uses the newest Chat API using GPT-4
- Replaces selected text in the editor directly instead of requiring copy & paste
- Custom brushes can include variables that the user has to enter when activating the brush

## Prerequisites

- An OpenAI API key. Create an API key on the [OpenAI website](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys).
- Access to GPT-4 model via API

## Configuration
To configure brushes, add a 'gptbrushes.brushes' section to your Visual Studio Code settings. Each brush should have a name, icon, and prompt.

Here is an example configuration:
```
"gptbrushes.brushes": [
  {
    "name": "Add comments",
    "icon": "💬",
    "prompt": "Add code comments to the code send to the user."
  }
]
```

The prompt will be used as the system-message in the Chat API. The code selected in the editor will be sent as the user message. Any response returned by the assistant will replace the selected text in the editor.

You can ask for additional input from the user using variables:

```
{
    "name": "Translate",
    "icon": "🌐",
    "prompt": "Translate the text from the user to {{prompt}}",
    "variables": [
        {
            "name": "prompt",
            "defaultValue": "English",
            "description": "Please enter target language."
        }
    ]
}
```

## Usage

1. Click on the GPT-4 Brushes icon in the Activity Bar to see the list of available brushes.
2. Select the text you want to modify in the Visual Studio Code editor.
3. Click on a brush from the list. The extension will send a request to the API with the selected text and the configured prompt.
4. The selected text will be replaced with the completion generated by the API.

## Contributing
Feel free to submit issues or pull requests on the GitHub repository.

## License
MIT